when this is mark you with my
come I love
in fact I taught myself
to make it and now I want to teach you
so please enjoy my video tutorials on
how to make western style sushi rate and
comment and enjoy the sushi starving at
the California we're going to start off
with the half a sheet of nori and
prepared rice now you can either add
toasted sesame seeds on here
another topping you can do for the
California roll is the masago or the
fish eggs adds a nice flavor I would say
the toasted sesame seeds a little more
traditional
but this Efrain Li adds a different
unique twist to the roll
all right now we're ready to fill the
role so here we have the crab sticks
imitation crab sticks next thing we're
going to add is a cucumber
and then of course the avocado
alright then we're just gonna roll it
over get the filling in there
press it down roll it over to seal it
press it down one more time now I use a
wet serrated knife to cut these first
you cut it in half in half again and
then those pieces in half you get eight
pieces per roll and there you have the
California roll which started my love
for sushi
enjoy